[Music]
Hello how are you my
dearest gossip lovers eh street
I'm giving up because you don't want me to say
blankets well I'm not saying it anymore better By the
way Thank you very much Thank you very much we
just reached
69,000 subscribers last night I don't know
if you did it on purpose because
69 is a very sexy number that suits me
very well okay But anyway I'd like not to
stay at 69 so everyone who's
reaching the video please
subscribe you know that it's completely
free you know that way you find out about
everything I upload and well you
automatically become part of Instagram and
beautiful family that we are here all
day everyday no that there are many people
who believe that this ends no family
the heart never took out the gossip
here we can go as far as we want you do
n't have to keep in mind you have to keep
in mind one thing there are many
people who say no it's over it's over it's over it's over Wait,
now it's
coming Wait, now  Ana María is coming,
the don but Ana María addon is coming it's
Saturday, let's go, that's going to be Santa,
Rocío. Look at what I'm telling you, what I
believe is that Ana María aldón is going to be
Santa Anacito, by the way, family, what I
said is okay, register, click on the
subscribe button where the
title is, there, teles gossip, next to it it says
subscribe, boom, you click on it and I know that
you guys are going to do great
in this video I'm going to tell you about the
Instagram stories that Avilés has posted,
no, little Nicolás who is
here calling him, our dear carito, not
yours, yes, it is a real joke, idiot. Well,
let's read it first, let's read it
first, let's see, let's see, it turns out
that yesterday Antonio David, who says little,
okay, because if I were him, I don't know, it's that
I wouldn't put up with what
he's putting up with, he doesn't say, I hope that the
Spanish justice system condemns you in an
exemplary manner and that the media trial to
which I have been subjected for a year and a half
never happens again in a state of
law, TV factory, okay, it's
Antonio David because  is that let's go what happened
yesterday was a complete nonsense I do
n't know maybe I've lived in
another country but I would swear that the
docuseries dedicated to him was last year and
that nobody believed Rocío Carrasco okay What
I don't understand is why they're now making
another docuseries that was supposed to be
a tribute to the mother and it
had nothing to do with it, I mean, it had
absolutely no tribute at all the docuseries
has been dedicated to Antonio David okay
From the first episodes starting at
minute 20 or so to Antonio David
the ladoku series in each episode okay
from minute 20 but the
last episode yesterday is a
complete nonsense it's as if it were
a summary of the first one that nothing that he
's an abuser and that he hit her
a lot and that's it no And now above all what
they've done the last few times I don't know if it's
been four or five weeks each week
bringing in a witness, each one more ridiculous than the last one I
mean each one more ridiculous that I'm going to be
more lacking that they bring in the kid do you
remember the name What's up dude  do you
remember the kid from Martian Chronicles? Well, that
one is even more lacking because the one I have
there, Cristina
Cardenas, this is pathetic, not the next
ridiculous thing, I mean, lamentable, lamentable,
and if we talk about the chori, the other one who
left Spain, no, the
cleaning lady, no, the girl from the house, no, my goodness, my goodness,
my goodness, well, and yesterday
a video of Juan, bastard, came out in which
this is already incredible, no, I mean, the
sources that they're bringing out, the sources
are already out, let's go, no, I mean,
precisely that we're here, that I,
from an objective perspective, you know that there's been a
lot of criticism of some of the videos that
Juan, bastard, has uploaded, no, because he's
started insinuating that Rosito was doing
drugs, that Fidel was also doing drugs,
that Fidel did things at night to
Rocío Flores, no, and now they take and
use a video of Juan, for example, to
call Antonio David an abuser, I mean,
as if Juan Carlos were a
reliable source, it's to play the tambourine,
family, it's to play the tambourine to
throw myself on the floor, do the croquette, and
dance the Waka waka La Rosita no Total
that José Antonio Aguilé the most
pathetic person on Telecinco well he wouldn't
know no there is there there is a tough fight
no but José Antonio Aguilé So
Jorge Javier himself and his own
colleagues from Sálvame also say that he
is the person with the least
weakness on Telecinco look at you that he
also said this this Saturday
in front of Raquel Mosquera he said it
look at how things are they themselves
tell you that Avilés is the person with the
least credibility in journalism okay
but they hire him on Sálvame
What is the level they have in the
television factory the logical thing is that you
go around awarding and that you go around
hiring and looking for a cast of
collaborators and journalists that are
worth it but no no no the level is that
you are an Avilés no and
Avilés says on her Instagram account
sharing Antonio David's tweet
what this man is doing is outrageous and what about his
flock of mascletá to condemn
someone you have to  file a lawsuit or
a complaint No, if Avilés is
referring to the television factory, which
by the way has already been condemned twice,
twice by Antonio David,
dozens of times by other famous people, okay,
but yes, Avilés is being sued and
now when this series,
which has already ended, ends, now comes the
avalanche of lawsuits against collaborators and
the production company again, that is, the
condemned production company that has to
pay Antonio David like 200,000 euros and they
continue calling him an abuser. I mean, I
think it's not a very good idea, let me
tell you, Avilés, a very good idea, a very
good idea, I think it's not eh. Ah, it's
true, I forgot, he doesn't file it so
as not to run the risk of having
the case reopened. Oh man, really, this
nonsense, this nonsense that has no
legal basis is nonsense,
it's a false mantra that
Telecinco has invented to try to justify that
Antonio David has nothing to do against
Rocío. He could sue her, but most
likely he would grab onto the intention of
offending or the intention of retouching because
both have said things okay I mean
could he sue her yes could he sue her he
has insulted him Yes surely Yes but the thing is that they would
surely solve it I have already
explained it my tongue already hurts from
explaining it I will explain as many times as necessary
to all the short people
like you Avilés but it really does not make
any sense I mean if not the
lawsuit it is because they would solve it because of the
tweaking spirit Inform yourself and see
what it is no and when they weld
people like you manipulative and short would
cling to that solution as if it were
a conviction because you are
manipulators you are
manipulators you understand me and there is no
way to file a lawsuit against
Rocío Carrasco reopen the case of
gender violence but it does not
make any sense procedurally
speaking the procedural law in this country is
A B and C it is very simple for
the case to be reopened there has to be a
new act of violence that suddenly
Antonio David threatens her hit her
in the street and insults her but
Antonio saw the  demand how is it going to be a
sufficient fact for the
case to be reopened dear with him with him with the show
that she put on when she said that she
tried to commit suicide because her daughter was going to
Big Brother okay because the daughter was going to
Big Brother to defend the father of Big
Brother who went to commit suicide who then
left the hospital on her own two
feet what was that called escape
escape I don't remember what they
called it no but without when she was discharged she left and they did
n't reopen the case with that You
think they're going to reopen it because
Antonio David sued her because I'm
defaming him kid but
there's no procedural logic to support
that but it is a huge nonsense
really if they reopen it you will be able to prove
your innocence they will close it and end of
story The problem is that it is the
conscience don't laugh if they reopen them If they
reopen them which is impossible they are not going to
reopen it okay that you find out now if they
reopen it you will be there every month every
month I mean if you are doing it
now with the case closed and dismissed
three times
okay  If you're doing it now with the
case dismissed three times,
imagine.
Imagine what you would do if there's a
pending trial. Maybe they'll set a
trial date for next year. You would
hammer it even more. Okay, I mean,
pathetic. José Antonio Avilés, pathetic,
senseless. Get informed. Please do your
job, for once in your life, on some
occasion, if you really have a
career in journalism, family, I'll be
reading the comments box. I send you
a huge hug and until the next
video.
[Music]